# NCrontab Advanced

**Author:** Joe
<br/>**Date:** 01/10/2016 17:01:00

Wow...3 months since I've posted anything. &nbsp;Well, at least the times that I post, it's fairly significant news. &nbsp;:-)<div><br></div><div>Have you ever used the <a href="https://github.com/atifaziz/NCrontab">extremely useful NCrontab library</a>? &nbsp;It's a cron string parser that is used in various open-source projects (<a href="http://hangfire.io/">like Hangfire</a>) for finding the next time an event should run. &nbsp;However, it lacked certain features from the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron#CRON_expression">cron wiki page</a>:</div><div><ul><li><span style="line-height: 1.42857;">No support for #, L and W</span></li><li><span style="line-height: 1.42857;">Only supported two cron formats: "SECONDS MINUTES HOURS DAYS MONTHS DAYS-OF-WEEK" and one without SECONDS.</span></li></ul><div>Naturally, I dived into the source code to see if I could implement the features and submit a pull request. &nbsp;While the code is robust for the features it does support, it wasn't structured in a way that I could easily implement #, L and W support.</div></div><div><br></div><div>That's when I decided to write a completely new project called <b>NCrontab.Advanced</b>. &nbsp;The goal of the project is to support the original features of NCrontab, as well as the additional features from the cron wiki page, and various cron formats (with/without seconds, years, or both.)</div><div><br></div><div><a href="https://github.com/jcoutch/NCrontab-Advanced/">The initial version is available over on GitHub</a>, which passes the original NCrontab unit tests, but still needs additional tests added before I feel comfortable considering it release-ready. &nbsp;It's also licensed under the same Apache Version 2.0 license. &nbsp;If you find any issues, make sure to file them on the Issues page on Github, and I'll address them as time permits.</div>
