# TFS Chat Extensions - Version 1.1.3

**Author:** Joe
<br/>**Date:** 10/31/2015 11:10:00

So, it's been over a year since I've done anything with the <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tfs-chat-extensions/lnkmcjeibjfompohbcjfkimjijajiadd">TFS Chat Extensions</a>...mainly because we no longer use TFS at work. But, I still use it for my own personal projects...because it's a great platform for managing all aspects of a project, and for collaboration.<div><br></div><div>When I logged into my Google Developer Dashboard, I noticed how many people use the plugin (over 300 installs), so I figured it was time to add some requested features, and fix some glaring issues:</div><div><br></div><div><div><b>Experimental On-premise support</b></div><div><span style="line-height: 1.42857;">As I don't have an on-premise server to test this on, that's why this is marked as experimental. &nbsp;The plugin will always remain in-line with the cloud-based chat service (with some exceptions), so the plugin is not guaranteed to work with on-premise instances. &nbsp;If it's something I can easily work around, I'll gladly add code to do so.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b>Capitalization fix for VSO team room</b></div><div><span style="line-height: 1.42857;">In 1.1.2 (released a couple days ago), I merged a fix to address variable capitalization changes in recent versions of the TFS Chat Room. &nbsp;With the new experimental on-premise support, I realized that most customers may not be running the latest version with the capitalization changes, so I added backwards compatibility.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b>Changeset identification</b></div><div><span style="line-height: 1.42857;">In versions prior to 1.1.3, you could specify a changeset by using #c1234. &nbsp;As I found out quite a few times, url's like "http://someurl.com/#content" causes the URL to become "http://someurl.com/Changeset ontent". &nbsp;So, to identify changesets now, use ##c1234. &nbsp;Also, the URL's now open up in a new window/tab.</span></div></div><div><span style="line-height: 1.42857;"><br></span></div><div><span style="line-height: 1.42857;">If anyone has issues with the plugin, feel free to report them to my Github page, and I'll fix them as time allows. &nbsp;If you have the ability to fix it, I will gladly accept merge requests for review.</span></div><div><span style="line-height: 1.42857;"><br></span></div><div><a href="https://github.com/nuts4dotnet/TFSChatExtensions" style="line-height: 1.42857;">https://github.com/nuts4dotnet/TFSChatExtensions</a></div><div><br></div><div>Happy Halloween folks!</div>
